Incorporating the Feb release (#16)
ammar-gla/LMU: SCRIPTS/01_LMU_markdown_content.Rmd

-   The **unemployment rate** was still higher than the UK average. London's unemployment rate was estimated at `r unem_rate`%, `r condi_text(unem_pp_quart,"up")` `r abs2(unem_pp_quart)`pp on the quarter and `r condi_text(unem_pp_yoy,"up")` `r abs2(unem_pp_yoy)`pp from a year earlier. The UK average was `r unem_rate_uk`%.

> -   London's **inactivity rate** (the measure of those not looking and/or not available to work) was estimated at `r inact_rate`%. This was unchanged on the previous quarter and `r condi_text(inact_pp_yoy,"up")` `r abs2(inact_pp_yoy)`pp on the previous year, and is similar to the UK-wide estimate of `r inact_rate_uk`%.

Author: ```suggestion
-   London's **inactivity rate** (the measure of those not looking and/or not available to work) was estimated at `r inact_rate`%. This was `r condi_text(inact_pp_quart,"up")` `r abs2(inact_pp_quart)`ppon the previous quarter and `r condi_text(inact_pp_yoy,"up")` `r abs2(inact_pp_yoy)`pp on the previous year, and is similar to the UK-wide estimate of `r inact_rate_uk`%.
```

For `r lfs_previous_month` to `r lfs_last_month`:

> -   The rate of economic inactivity in London was estimated at `r inact_rate`%; this represents no change on the previous quarter and `r condi_text(inact_pp_yoy,"noun")` of `r abs2(inact_pp_yoy)`pp from a year earlier.

Author: ```suggestion
-   The rate of economic inactivity in London was estimated at `r inact_rate`%; this represents `r condi_text(inact_pp_quart,"noun")` of `r abs2(inact_pp_quart)`pp on the previous quarter and `r condi_text(inact_pp_yoy,"noun")` of `r abs2(inact_pp_yoy)`pp from a year earlier.
```
